`BoundedVec` PoE update (#861)
substrate-developer-hub/substrate-docs: v3/tutorials/02-proof-of-existence/index.mdx

   tests.rs
   ```

1. Open the `pallets/template/src/lib.rs` file in a text editor.

   This file contains code that you can use as a template for a new pallet.
   You won't be using the template code in this tutorial.
   However, you can review the template code to see what it provides before you delete it.

> 1. Replace all contents of `pallets/template/src/lib.rs` with the following skeleton code that includes all of the [***mandatory*** macros for FRAME V2](https://docs.substrate.io/rustdocs/latest/frame_support/attr.pallet.html):

Reviewer: Note the macros below are NOT all mandatory. Only if you need them. For example `event`, `error`, `call`, and `storage` could all be left out.

   ```rust
   //! Substrate Proof-of-Existence Pallet
   #![cfg_attr(not(feature = "std"), no_std)]

   // Re-export pallet items so that they can be accessed from the crate namespace.
   pub use pallet::*;

   #[frame_support::pallet]
   pub mod pallet {
   	use frame_support::{pallet_prelude::*, storage::bounded_vec::BoundedVec};
   	use frame_system::pallet_prelude::*;

   	// Define the pallet struct placeholder, various pallet function are implemented on it.
   	#[pallet::pallet]
   	#[pallet::generate_store(pub(super) trait Store)]
   	pub struct Pallet<T>(_);

   	#[pallet::config]  // TODO: Replace me!

   	#[pallet::event]   // TODO: Replace me!

   	#[pallet::error]   // TODO: Replace me!

> 

Reviewer: I think with just a LITTLE more code, this could compile, and then I think it is worth it.

Reviewer: You can see the minimal here: https://sacha-l.github.io/collectables-ethdenver-workshop/#/setup

Author: We _could_ omit this completely or just put it as comments to have it "compile" to nothing... it's just to lay out the boiler plate after all.

Reviewer: i think just including the minimal empty project which compiles above is best

Author: OK - made some tweaks and the skeleton builds in the note-template context (need `Event` defined)

Author: > You can see the minimal here: https://sacha-l.github.io/collectables-ethdenver-workshop/#/setup
missed this comment before, if we must, I can move to this instead.

> event and the proof-of-existence data (as `Vec<u8>`) that is being stored or removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
event and the proof-of-existence data (as `BoundedVec<u8, TODO FIX>`) that is being stored or removed.
```

Reviewer: should search the page for any `Vec<u8>`

1. Save your changes and close the file.

At this point you have a completed pallet! Now to _use_ the pallet, we must correctly configure it in your runtime. 

## Include `MaxBytesInHash` runtime configuration

You should be curious that the proof-of-existence pallet uses the `BoundedVec<u8, T::MaxBytesInHash>` type for proofs, but thus far we have no concrete notion of what `MaxBytesInHash` is.
This constant should be set in the runtime to something reasonable for use in your blockchain.

> One very typical hash type used in many web3 applications is a [CID](https://github.com/multiformats/cid), and the V1 instance of these is uniformly `60 bytes` in length.

Author: This is only mostly true for default behavior.... but still a safe maximum IMHO

So here we specify hashes will be of this length or less in the runtime:

1. Open the `runtime/src/lib.rs` file in a text editor.

1. Update the `pallet_template::Config` block to include:

   ```rust
   /// Configure the pallet-template in pallets/template.
   impl pallet_template::Config for Runtime {
   	type Event = Event;
   	type MaxBytesInHash = frame_support::traits::ConstU32<60>;
   }
   ```

1. Save your changes and close the file.

1. (Optionally) check that your code compiles by running the following command:

   ```bash
   cargo check -p node-template-runtime
   ```

<!-- FIXME:  -->
<!-- There is a full Node Template solution [here](https://github.com/substrate-developer-hub/substrate-node-template/tree/tutorials/solutions/proof-of-existence) to use as a reference if you're stuck.

> Check the [commit diff from the base template](https://github.com/substrate-developer-hub/substrate-node-template/commit/773d72752f3598e5d405b48c6f716f4153c95070#diff-f191d0eb0afa874a64fb9be550a275f957e220b9076c87d4085c2797ca4e310c) for the exact changes. -->

Author: This could be updated to the branches tested on, or omitted from now on as it's something to maintain. Should be addressed in #478 long term

             />
             {/* Button to revoke a claim. Only active if a file is selected, and is already claimed. Updates the `status`. */}
             <TxButton
               accountPair={accountPair}
               label="Revoke Claim"
               setStatus={setStatus}
               type="SIGNED-TX"

>                disabled={!isClaimed() || owner !== accountPair.address}

Author: This was failing for me, sadly. Tested here: https://github.com/substrate-developer-hub/substrate-front-end-template/blob/ds/poe-example/src/TemplateModule.js
